Add upgrade instruction for v2.0.0 (#33)
crescent-network/launch: mainnet/crescent-1/upgrades/v2.0.0.md

> # crescent-1, v2.0.0 Upgrade, Instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Upgrade Instruction for v2.0.0
```

> This document describes the steps for validator and full node operators for the successful execution of the `v2.0.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes the steps for all Crescent validators and full node operators to upgrade their nodes for the successful execution of the [v2.0.0](https://github.com/crescent-network/crescent/releases/tag/v2.0.0)`
```

Proposal 12

Chain ID : crescent-1

Upgrade Name : ****v2.0.0****

Upgrade Height : 1384100

Expected Upgrade Time : about UTC 2022-07-18 12:00:00

> Binary : Crescent [v1.1.0](https://github.com/crescent-network/crescent/releases/tag/v1.1.0) -> [v2.0.0](https://github.com/crescent-network/crescent/releases/tag/v2.0.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Information

Proposal #: 12

Chain ID: crescent-1

Upgrade Name: ****v2.0.0****

Upgrade Height: 1384100

Estimated Upgrade Date and Time:  2022-07-18T12:00:00+0000 UTC

Binary : Crescent [v1.1.0](https://github.com/crescent-network/crescent/releases/tag/v1.1.0) -> [v2.0.0](https://github.com/crescent-network/crescent/releases/tag/v2.0.0)
```

## Upgrade will take place July 18, 2022

The upgrade will take place at a block height of `1384100`. At the time of writing, and at current block times (around 6s/block), this block height corresponds approximately to `UTC 2022-07-18 12:00:00`. This date/time is approximate as blocks are not generated at a constant interval. 

## Chain-id will remain the same

The chain-id of the network will remain the same, `crescent-1`. This is because an in-place migration of state will take place, i.e., this upgrade does not export any state.

> ## Preparing for the upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upgrade Block Height and Time

The upgrade will take place at a block height `1384100`. At the time of writing, an estimated upgrade time is `2022-07-18T12:00:00+0000 UTC` at current block time (around 6s/block). This date/time is approximate as blocks are not generated at a constant interval, so we encourage all validators and node operators to expect this and standby around the time. 

## Chain ID

The chain-id of the network will **NOT BE CHANGED**. It will remain the same as `crescent-1`. This is because an in-place migration of state will take place meaning that this upgrade does not require any state change.

## Preparation
```

### **Backups**

Prior to the upgrade, validators are encouraged to take a full data snapshot. Snapshotting depends heavily on infrastructure, but generally this can be done by backing up the `.crescent` directory. If you use Cosmovisor to upgrade, by default, Cosmovisor will backup your data upon upgrade.

It is critically important for validator operators to back-up the `.crescent/data/priv_validator_state.json` file after stopping the crescentd process. This file is updated every block as your validator participates in consensus rounds. It is a critical file needed to prevent double-signing, in case the upgrade fails and the previous chain needs to be restarted.

### Current runtime, crescent-1 is running Crescent v1.1.0

The Crescent network, `crescent-1`, is currently running [Crescent v1.1.0](https://github.com/crescent-network/crescent/releases/tag/v1.1.0).

### Target runtime, crescent-1 (post v2.0.0 upgrade) will run Crescent v2.0.0

> The Crescent network, `crescent-1`, will run [Crescent v2.0.0](https://github.com/crescent-network/crescent/releases/tag/v2.0.0) Operators *MUST* use this version post-upgrade to remain connected to the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Current Version

Current Mainnet is running with [Crescent v1.1.0](https://github.com/crescent-network/crescent/releases/tag/v1.1.0) with the chain id `crescent-1`.

### Target Version

All Crescent validators and node operators **MUST** use [v2.0.0](https://github.com/crescent-network/crescent/releases/tag/v2.0.0) to upgrade their nodes to remain connected to the network.
```

### Update timeout_commit on config.toml

> For the orderbook feature, please update `timeout_commit` value to "4s" on the config.toml  so that the block time can be shortened

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### (Important) Update `config.toml`

In order to run newly implemented orderbook functionality smoothly and user-friendly, the block time needs to be shortened. We ask you to update `timeout_commit` value to "4s" on the `config.toml` file.
```
